Introduce stable disk/iso filenames with symlink-based migration (#4587)
lima-vm/lima: website/content/en/docs/dev/internals.md

- `ansible-inventory.yaml`: the Ansible node inventory. See [ansible](#ansible).

disk:

> - `image`: the downloaded VM image (raw, qcow2, or ISO9660)

Author: I don't know what this means, but given that the file is now immediately renamed (or converted and deleted), I guess it doesn't matter; it is an ephemeral file now.

> - `disk`: the VM disk (symlink to `image` or legacy `diffdisk`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `disk`: the VM disk (can be a symlink to legacy `diffdisk`)
```
